>> Brian Holt: So my setup,
I get asked this every time, so
I just put a little note there.
First of all, you will need
Node installed for this class.
I am using 2214, which I think as
of writing is the most current LTS.
In general, I just try and
be on the latest LTS, that's just my MO.
Unless I have some reason to try and
be on something later,
they have some feature that I want
to try out or something like that.
But being on the latest
LTS is just good practice.
This should work on anything after
20.15 or 16, something like that.
So if you're older than that, at least
the Node M stuff probably won't work.
But you could just do .m
if you really wanted to.
But suffice to say, you should be
on something later than 20.16.
I use Fast Node Manager,
I think that's what that stands for
to manage my Node versions.
It's basically an NVM, but any one of
them works fine, I don't really care.
Volta would be fine as well.
Let's go with 65% certain that everything
in here would just work out of the box
with Bun, but I have not tested that.
So good luck, have fun,
if that's your choice here.
And I am about 50% confident that it
won't work with Dino, if that's what your
preference is as well, just cuz there's
some stuff in there that I didn't try.
I'm using VS Code today.
I used to work there, so I signed
a blood contract with the devil that I
have to continue using VS Code,
so I wanna keep my soul.
That being said, I frequently use Copilot
and Cursor as well, awesome tools.
But I think when you're learning
something, some of those AI tools can
kinda get in the way by like, do you want,
do you mean this, do you mean this, right?
And it kind of spoils
your train of thought.
So I have turned off completions
during this course, but
generally I actually have completions on,
but that's why.
I use Firefox now more than ever.
I try and support something
anything other than Chromium, so
that's why I'm on Firefox today and
happen for some time.
And I just generally use terminal.app or
the VS Code terminal.
There's no real rhyme or
reason there, it just works for
what I need it for, so
I continue using it.
I'm on Dark+, it's installed,
but not the default anymore.
I used the MonaLisa font
with ligatures installed.
So if you see some of my fonts
combining together, that's a ligature.
I'll show you when I get there.
And then for my terminal, I use, yeah, and
then Cascadia Code is also free if
you don't wanna pay for MonaLisa.
And then all the cool
icons is VS Code icons.
My terminal is zsh,
Dracula theme, Starship prompt.
Let's just pull up my terminal here,
cuz it might be useful to visualize this.
So people always ask me,
where does all this stuff come from?
This comes from Starship.
>> Brian Holt: And then you have
to have what's called a Nerd Font
to make that work.
So the font is Cascadia Cove Nerd Font.
So I left a bunch of links there,
if you're interested,
please feel free to click through.
And then I've never had to
put one of these in here, but
I feel like the industry has moved so
far towards AI that it's worthy to have
a disclaimer of what is and
isn't generated by AI in this course.
Just so
you know what came from my brain and
what came from the hive mind of GitHub.
Every line of text in here was
hand typed by me, so that you
can be confident in that every line of
code in the repos is written by me.
The only actual code that exists in
here that I actually used Claude to
generate was just all the sample data,
right?
I didn't wanna write 50 lines of SQLite
to generate something into a code base.
So I prompted Claude
to come out with that.
As well as all the SEO on this, because I
just can't stand writing just summaries
and keywords and AI is very good at that.
So all of that was generated using AI,
just generally my stance on AI.
I work on AI,
neon is a very AI-enabled company.
We power a lot of things like Replit and
some of those other kind
of AI Codegen agents.
I'm continually impressed with
the people that wield AI well and
what they're able to get done.
So I kinda have a double-edged
kinda sword opinion on that.
It's powerful if you are experienced in
the ways of the code that you're writing,
and it's powerful when you know
what you're doing with AI.
And if both of those things are true,
I'm really impressed with
what people can do with it.
But if you go into these things with a
shallow understanding of them, then you're
just bound to build really tall houses
of cards that when something breaks,
you're gonna have zero idea how to fix it,
right?
Whereas if it ends up being someone that
helps you write code that you were going
to write anyway, then it's awesome.
If it's an intern that's writing code for
you that you don't understand,
you get what you put into it, and
it's kind of what my point there.
So do I use AI?
Yes, it helps me work faster.
It helps me write docs,
emails, those kind of things.
But yeah, it's like a manager
reviewing their intern's code.
You are responsible for what you ship.
And if your intern ships bad code,
it's because you let them ship bad code,
same thing with AI, right?
So does that make sense,
any questions, concerns, profanities?
All those are welcome.
A note about React 19, that's kind
of what inspired me to do a complete
intro to React v9, which actually was
released when 18.3 was still out.
Good news is I went through everything,
19 didn't break anything for
complete intro to React v9,
so we're all good there.
React 19 has been a long time coming.
They kind of publicly tipped their hand
a little bit that they were shipping it in
late 2020 22 and they released it in 2025,
so that's quite some time.
>> Brian Holt: But
this is kind of how React tends to work.
They tend to release all these features,
they put them in kind of a canary release,
and then they just run
it on Facebook forever.
And once they're confident there,
then they release it to everybody.
That's what they've been doing for
a long time.
19 just took a really long time for
them to get out just because I guess
moving parts and a lot more opinions that
they were kind of baking into this kind
of relatively unopinionated framework.
So all this to say is
React 19 shipped recently,
depending on when you're
watching this course.
But recently, for as of writing for
this, but it was actually piloted for
two years before that,
which is say, it's pretty stable.
So even though it's really new,
the stuff that you're working on has been
pretty well battle tested at
Facebook's and React or at Netflix and
those kind of places for a long time.
Primarily, we're gonna concern
ourselves with React server components.
That's the big thing that 19
came out with, but I'll try and
talk about all the interesting
things that are recent with React.
So, yeah, the complete intro course,
did cover some of the minor
features of version 19.
It talks about React compiler,
which I don't talk about in here.
So all those things I covered at
the end of a complete intro v9.
So if you want more on that, please just
pop back over there and check it out.